Once upon a time, there was a lonely girl living in a tall tower. She had her own kitchen, bathroom, clothes, and other necessities she needed. However, what she wanted most was to go outside. Her mother tells her she can't go outside because it is too dangerous. Today is the day her mother is out for the entire day, thus she will explore the outside. 

The fresh air made her thrilled. She was so happy to enojoy the nature. She did not understand why her mother did not allow her to go outside. However, minutes later, she felt there was something wrong with her body.

She noticed that her left arm is melting into some kind of unknowd liquid. Transparent, tiny worms came  out from her right arm, slowly crawling to her body. She was scared and terrified, screaming out loudly. 

In a panic, she laid down in the fresh moss in the forest. Suddenly, her limbs grew back, the worms disappear, and she felt peaceful, one with the Earth. And then she remembered her past. She was Prithvi, the Hindu goddess of land and the Mother Earth. The woman who called herself her "mother" was holding her in the tall tower and stifling her powers. But now she, Prithvi, was free, and she would revenge the woman that kept her from the Earth for so long.

She planned out her revenge meticulously and started putting it into action. She quickly returned to the tower and cleaned up her room and ate a quick dinner and went to sleep. The next day was her revenge time. She made sure to paint pictures of Prithvi around the house to remind her mother. When her mother returned home, she stopped in her tracks. "...What is this?," mother exclaimed. "It is I, and you shall no longer control me," Prithvi said. "Haha, you finally realized who you were. I was wondering how long it would take...," and mother transformed into a monstrous beast. "You will die here and now!" Prithvi took out her holy sword and a great battle ensued... At long last, Prithvi took her revenge and returned to her rightful place. THE END. 
